Initial readme to set the mission statement (#1)
theforeman/smoker: README.md

# Smoker - Smoke testing the Foreman and friends

> Smoker is a [smoke testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_%28software%29) tool aimed at verifying the [Foreman](https://theforeman.org/) functionality and test for regressions. Testing plugins is also within scope, but it should be optional.

Reviewer: (https://theforeman.org/) 's  <-- 
s/and test for/and testing for/

Author: Would it be `the Foreman's functionality` or `Foreman's functionality`?
```suggestion
Smoker is a [smoke testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_%28software%29) tool aimed at verifying the [Foreman](https://theforeman.org/)'s functionality and testing for regressions. Testing plugins is also within scope, but it should be optional.
```

Reviewer: as Foreman is the name of the project, a proper noun, you do not need "the". As foreman is a title of a person, its always going to sound a bit odd.

Author: I thought so, but glad to have it confirmed :)

Author: Updated

> Smoker is a [smoke testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_%28software%29) tool aimed at verifying the [Foreman](https://theforeman.org/) functionality and test for regressions. Testing plugins is also within scope, but it should be optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smoker is a [smoke testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_%28software%29) tool aimed at verifying [Foreman](https://theforeman.org/)'s functionality and testing for regressions. Testing plug-ins is also within scope, but it should be optional.
```
